= DESCRIPTION:

Installs Jama Software Contour.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform and Application Environment:

Tested on CentOS 6.2

Requires the following Opscode cookbooks:

database
java
tomcat6
mysql

= ATTRIBUTES:

See `attributes/default.rb` for default values.

* `node[:jama_contour"][:version]` - Version of Jama Contour to install
* `node[:jama_contour'][:webapp_dir]` - Default webapp location. Defaults to your tomcat6 webapps location.
* `node[:jama_contour'][:home]` - name of contour_home to store contour configuration.
* `node[:jama_contour'][:mysql][:db]` - db name for mysql installation
* `node[:jama_contour'][:mysql][:user]` - db username for mysql installation
* `node[:jama_contour'][:mysql][:pass]` - db password for mysql installation

= USAGE:

You should set the following JAVA_OPTS on your node. An easy way to set this to define:

node[:tomcat6][:java_opts] = "-Xmx1024M -XX:MaxPermSize=256m"

License and Author
==================

Author:: Aaron Bento (<abento+github@gmail.com>)

Copyright:: 2012, Aaron Bento

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.